the three cubs are exactly halfway
through their training and making good
progress when events taken an unexpected
turn Savanti the biggest and strongest
of the three orphans has fallen
seriously ill he's hardly able to move
he had already fallen he couldn't get up
anymore and he was breathing with some
difficulty when I looked closer he had
his pupil dilated and definitely wasn't
normal
It was as if he didn't recognize me he
was just really acting as if he was not
gonna make it
[Music]
the biggest fear of all is that Siobhan
sees mystery illness could spread to his
sisters
[Music]
this is my lowest point so far I think
it's just unthinkable to lose a bunch at
this stage after all this investment
after all the success at this point
losing him
for a disease it's been a long sleepless
night after an injection prescribed by
the vet
Siobhan Shay's condition seems to have
stabilized but he's still very weak
[Music]